do it let's do it have you ever just I'd
like to do it okay Jordan Utah let's do
it scream okay as you guys tell it a
green screen you don't know what a green
tree is get off this video yeah get off
this video screaming and you know what
comment Oh coming
just call me if you like the green
spring color and if you want a smaller
comment yeah eh it
we're gonna do some yeah yeah yeah just
like that just like that cane candy
canes
oh sorry guys actually I'll probably
make
what dude
Jordan what um what did you say just
saying the what the clock
what does that mean this is what our it
is this what you're saying people oh
sorry guys I just had a mini for
watching Jeremy just had a heart attack
you